fritqat                         fonts/fritqat.ttf
fritqat-bold                    fonts/fritqtb0.ttf
fritqat-italic                  fonts/fritqti0.ttf
fritqat-bold-italic             fonts/fritqtb2.ttf
fritqat                         fonts/fritqat.ttf
verdana                         fonts/verdana.ttf
verdanab                        fonts/verdanab.ttf
verdanaz                        fonts/verdanaz.ttf
verdanabi                        fonts/verdanaz.ttf
verdanai                        fonts/verdanai.ttf
arial                           fonts/arial.ttf
ariali                          fonts/ariali.ttf
arialbi                         fonts/arialbi.ttf
arialbd                         fonts/arialbd.ttf
arial-bold                         fonts/arialbd.ttf
arialn                          fonts/arialn.ttf
arialni                         fonts/arialni.ttf
arialnb                         fonts/arialnb.ttf
arialnbi                        fonts/arialnbi.ttf
cadastra          fonts/Ca.ttf
cadastrabd          fonts/CadastraBd.ttf
cadastrabdi          fonts/CaBI.ttf
cadastrai          fonts/CadastraIt.ttf
esri1				fonts/esri_149.ttf
esri2				fonts/esri_161.ttf
esri3				fonts/esri_8.ttf
esri4				fonts/esri_34.ttf
esri5				fonts/esri_225.ttf
esri6				fonts/esri_29.ttf
esri7				fonts/esri_160.ttf
esri8				fonts/esri_30s.ttf
esri9				fonts/esri_651.ttf
esri10				fonts/esri_11.ttf
esri11				fonts/esri_9.ttf
esri12				fonts/esri_6.ttf
esri13				fonts/esri_2.ttf
esri14				fonts/esri_151.ttf
esri15				fonts/esri_1.ttf
esri16				fonts/esri_800.ttf
esri17				fonts/esri_3.ttf
esri_forestry			fonts/esri_forestry.ttf
webdings			fonts/webdings.ttf
esri18			fonts/esri_375.ttf
bullets			fonts/combuln.ttf
pompiers_intervention	fonts/pompiers_intervention.ttf